.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug Report
about: Bug reports about the Solidity Compiler.
---

## Prerequisites

- First, many thanks for taking part in the community. We really appreciate that.
- We realize there is a lot of data requested here. We ask only that you do your best to provide as much information as possible so we can better help you.
- Support questions are better asked in one of the following locations:
	- [Solidity chat](https://gitter.im/ethereum/solidity)
	- [Stack Overflow](https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/)
- Ensure the issue isn't already reported.
- Should be reproducible with the latest ``solc`` version, however, this isn't a hard requirement.

*Delete the above section and the instructions in the sections below before submitting*

## Description

Please shortly describe the bug you have found, and what you expect instead.

## Environment

- Compiler version
- Framework (i.e. Truffle)
- EVM execution environment / backend / blockchain client
- IDE (i.e. Remix)
- Operating system

## Steps to Reproduce

Please provide a *minimal* source code example to trigger the bug you have found.
Please also mention any command line flags that are necessary for triggering the bug.
Provide as much information as necessary to reproduce the bug.

```
// Some *minimal* Solidity source code to reproduce the bug.
// ...
```

Commit message:

github: Textual adjustments to issue templates (based on PR review)

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug Report
about: Bug reports about the Solidity Compiler.
---

## Prerequisites

- First, many thanks for taking part in the community. We really appreciate that.
- We realize there is a lot of data requested here. We ask only that you do your best to provide as much information as possible so we can better help you.
- Support questions are better asked in one of the following locations:
	- [Solidity chat](https://gitter.im/ethereum/solidity)
	- [Stack Overflow](https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/)
- Ensure the issue isn't already reported.
- The issue should be reproducible with the latest solidity version version, however, this isn't a hard requirement and being reproducible with an older version is sufficient.

*Delete the above section and the instructions in the sections below before submitting*

## Description

Please shortly describe the bug you have found, and what you expect instead.

## Environment

- Compiler version;
- Framework/IDE (e.g. Truffle or Remix):
- EVM execution environment / backend / blockchain client:
- Operating system:

## Steps to Reproduce

Please provide a *minimal* source code example to trigger the bug you have found.
Please also mention any command line flags that are necessary for triggering the bug.
Provide as much information as necessary to reproduce the bug.

```
// Some *minimal* Solidity source code to reproduce the bug.
// ...
```
